Today I tell you love and come from van Halen
playing on the piano
I show only the refrain in which is also the best known
I can not do it in the middle section yet
and he is also much heavier
to become as Dr
the english newspaper
you need both countries
and you only need the white keys
«The whole Mediterranean Siegburg dwo nail played
So there are different grips that understand
with the right hand and with the left hand play here if you only one tone
that I always repeat
this is a constant
Start with your right hand first
the first Christian is
and G
whole garden with 1 3 and 5 so build in the middle and
small fingers
After that, ears simply made both hands one class further to the right
on c and b
Beginners lie to me
such a second goal
Now we are just at the beginning
just about the ownership of other twins so 11
AR
So again the 3
Hor and d
and woe
and at 11
and 10
should that be already the upper powerful ones still the rounds these
meant very easily
Stöhr
play all
with that on it
and the Open Marie Vell with your fingers
until 14
from
Among the applicants have passed a tour on the left
the terrain was made with two and four or we just take the
Both fingers are the bet left
so it is
2 no
and al and that although with the second 4
and G
and therefore a chair in the squares and that is easy with the
two fingers so with the middle finger of DM on
Dr and the rest can be seen
should times all forces in a rush
and 10
and marriage
ac at
and 8
counting
b and Dr
and 10
and go
otherwise obviously wants the first part 4 of the children moved
the first home game is supposed to win twice in a row
and then comes the day of rest
the accident
consists of the handle and down here already St so you have times he had talk
pa and
Dr-ing
to the left of this effect
Maren count
and I just want a rejection so who the thumb
next to her on top of the stealth
from the playful
that's it then
there Dr
almost to act and sing
you take that way
and then you just play the bottom breath
would
and then comes the appeal
and one stands also simply ripe cathedral the country stand
b and give
So we need the WWF
in the cd player and on the back
Dr
important, however, is the whole case before
and the Kerner how it goes on
Sir
so far as some other country one stands
the first part twice in a row then you stand the praise point
the top part of the episode so
Dr
Examples like the region
twice Iran
then go once
and finally, him again
so sage has to see then what I now part of the country is coming
Songs too